#summary What you should know about the code on the trunk
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

The code checked into the trunk right now is alpha quality.  When I think it's stable enough, I'll make a formal release called "Feed on Feeds 0.5".  For now I guess we can call it "Feed on Feeds 0.4999..."

= What seems to work =

This version has been fairly well tested on Firefox 1.5 and Safari 2.0.  It is installed on a Linux host with PHP 5.1 and MySQL 5.0.  PHP 4.3.2 or greater should work, and MySQL 4 should also be fine.  On my server I have two users, one (me!) with about 300 subscribed feeds and another with just a handful.  Performance is acceptable.

Favicons can be turned on in the prefs, and work pretty well thanks to SimplePie's detection and caching.  Time zone is also now set as a pref.

Private feeds (https and/or authenticated) work, as long as your server has the cURL extension.

For security, I've audited every query and put in place some code to make sure that query parameters are all escaped and are of the expected types.  I also added some code to try to undo any damage caused by register_globals, if it happens to be on.  I've made sure every page that should require a log in does, implemented a hashed password scheme, and generally checked over all the code for security problems.  As far as I know, it's clean.

= What likely doesn't =

I have given up on IE6 completely.  IE7 mostly works.  Mostly.

Feed on Feeds now has its own authentication built in, but I don't trust it yet and have my whole installation behind Apache authentication as well, and I suggest you do the same for the time being.

= What is definitely broken =

== Wii ==

I can't read my feeds very well on the Wii browser!  This must be fixed!  It would be nice if FoF had a workaround for the Wii browser's lack of tabs, as well.

= What is half done =

There is a basic implementation of tagging, but it's nearly useless as is.  What would help is a way to tag a feed, or auto-tag items as they come in based on keywords or based on an outside tag source like del.icio.us.

Keyboard navigation.